Let's look at the solution to the atm visit exercise.
The first thing I want to do is check that Spark and Kafka are running.
If I do ps -ef,
I do see Spark and Spark,
and then I see several other Java processes which tells me Kafka's up.
I'm going to clear my terminal before we run this.
I've imported my SparkSession,
I'm going to create a SparkSession,
then I'm going to set my log level to one.
I'm going to open a connection to Kafka,
and then I'm going to read a data frame from it here.
Now I'm going to convert it from raw to string format.
Now I'm going to create a view called ATMVisits from that data.
I'm going to select all of the things in that view then I'm
going to put that data into another Kafka topic.
To run this, I'm going to borrow some commands from this script.
I'm going to run home workspace spark bin spark-submit
dash dash packages and then give the name of the library I need to run Kafka.
Then I'll specify the full path to the Python script that I'm going to run.
Copy that to the terminal,
and the full path is going to be home, workspace, atm-visits.py.
Now we're waiting for the Spark code to run.
You won't see any output to the terminal because we're not writing to the terminal,
we're writing to Kafka.
To view that data,
we're going to open up another terminal,
and I'm going to go to the cd data kafka bin folder.
If I list, I'll see a Kafka console consumer command,
and I'm going say my bootstrap server is localhost 9092.
My topic comes from the topic that I just created here,
atm-visits-updates, in my case,
and I want it from the beginning of the topic.
I should start seeing ATM visit information.
I put an s in that topic name, should be atm-visit-updates.
We have all these places where people are going to their ATM.
I'm going to click control C and break out of that,
and then I'm going to stop the Spark application with control C as well.